How crazy of you to abuse lynching
They maimed my officers and killed my men
You really didn't pay attention to the Zhengbei Army
Zhengbei Army in my opinion
It is a battlefield that serves the country with loyalty and respect
It is a pillar for the country and the people
Instead of you doing evil
Innocent comrade
Zheng Beijun, these three words, you don't have to
So crazy, I like it when I kill you later
It also brings up my nature
Hu Jie, you hold a high position in our northern army
Presumably the Li family massacre
You can't help it, right?
You are 49 people
No more, no less, 24 people were lost by my hands
25 people from today
Fight again
Twice
But you stop there.
up
kid
I heard before that you're going to be a master of incontinence
Kill these two kids in one move
Just to delay the assembly time
Now I have 3,000 winners
Even if you spread your wings, you can't escape here
So if you're obedient and cowardly
I can still leave you a whole corpse